gh-83461: Don't allow datetime parsing to accept non-ASCII digits (#131008)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

* Add :meth:`datetime.time.strptime` and :meth:`datetime.date.strptime`.
  (Contributed by Wannes Boeykens in :gh:`41431`.)

* The :meth:`datetime.date.strptime`, :meth:`datetime.datetime.strptime` and

>   :meth:`datetime.time.strptime` methods now only accept ASCII digits, will and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :meth:`datetime.time.strptime` methods now only accept ASCII digits, and will
```

Author: This was completely reworded by Benedikts suggestion which I applied. Please review the latest version.

  only accept ASCII digits.
  (Contributed by Stan Ulbrych in :gh:`131008`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```rst
* The :meth:`datetime.date.strptime`,
  :meth:`datetime.datetime.strptime` and :meth:`datetime.time.strptime` methods now
  only accept ASCII digits, and raise a :exc:`ValueError` if non-ASCII digits are specified.
  (Contributed by Stan Ulbrych in :gh:`131008`.)

```

Please use the above wording with the correct line wrap.

> * The :meth:`datetime.date.strptime`, :meth:`datetime.datetime.strptime` and
>   :meth:`datetime.time.strptime` methods now only accept ASCII digits, will and
>   raise a :exc:`ValueError` if non-ASCII digits are specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The :meth:`datetime.date.strptime`, :meth:`datetime.datetime.strptime` and
  :meth:`datetime.time.strptime` methods now only accept ASCII digits and
  raise a :exc:`ValueError` if non-ASCII digits are specified.
```

>   (Contributed by Stan Ulbrych in :gh:`131008`.)
> 
> decimal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  (Contributed by Stan Ulbrych in :gh:`131008`.)

decimal
```

* Add :meth:`datetime.time.strptime` and :meth:`datetime.date.strptime`.
  (Contributed by Wannes Boeykens in :gh:`41431`.)

> * The :meth:`datetime.date.strptime`, :meth:`datetime.datetime.strptime` and
>   :meth:`datetime.time.strptime` methods now only accept ASCII digits and
>   raise a :exc:`ValueError` if non-ASCII digits are specified.
>   (Contributed by Stan Ulbrych in :gh:`131008`.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When using digits in :meth:`datetime.date.strptime`, :meth:`datetime.datetime.strptime`,
  or :meth:`datetime.time.strptime`, a :exc:`ValueError` is raised if non-ASCII digits are
  specified.
  (Contributed by Stan Ulbrych in :gh:`131008`.)
```

Maybe something like this?

* Add :meth:`datetime.time.strptime` and :meth:`datetime.date.strptime`.
  (Contributed by Wannes Boeykens in :gh:`41431`.)

> * When using digits in :meth:`datetime.date.strptime`, :meth:`datetime.datetime.strptime`,

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if we're under 80 chars or not (maybe we're a bit too large) so I'll let you reflow the text.

Author: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a0c69393-8e72-4989-b39a-0779c775f254)

<s>It's fine :-)</s> wrong line, my bad

* Two new events are added: :monitoring-event:`BRANCH_LEFT` and
  :monitoring-event:`BRANCH_RIGHT`. The ``BRANCH`` event is deprecated.

time
----

> * The :meth:`time.strptime`, now only accept ASCII digits, and will raise a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :meth:`time.strptime`, now only accepts ASCII digits, and will raise a
```

Author: This was completely reworded by Benedikts suggestion which I applied. Please review the latest version.

> * The :meth:`time.strptime`, now only accept ASCII digits, and will raise a
>   :exc:`ValueError` if non-ASCII digits are specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The :meth:`time.strptime`, now only accept ASCII digits, and raise a
  :exc:`ValueError` if non-ASCII digits are specified.
```

* Two new events are added: :monitoring-event:`BRANCH_LEFT` and
  :monitoring-event:`BRANCH_RIGHT`. The ``BRANCH`` event is deprecated.

time
----

> * The :meth:`time.strptime`, now only accept ASCII digits and raise a
>   :exc:`ValueError` if non-ASCII digits are specified.
>   (Contributed by Stan Ulbrych in :gh:`131008`.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When using digits in :func:`time.strptime`, a :exc:`ValueError` is raised
  if non-ASCII digits are specified.
  (Contributed by Stan Ulbrych in :gh:`131008`.)
```
